Fix DS108 in cases of descriptions ending with a dot inside (#3611)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased

> * Fixed an issue where **validate** falsely failed with error `DS108` on descriptions ending with brackets with a dot inside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **validate** falsely failed with error `DS108` on descriptions ending with brackets that contains a dot at the end of them.
```
